Established front-end engineering background with at least 3 years of corporate experience
Robust JS and React knowledge
Solid knowledge of design patterns and unit-testing
Experience working in agile environment
"Small-company" mentality: Team spirit, curiosity to learn new highly-scientific topics, and strong sense of initiative
Understand, refine and address technical and design requirements
Develop high-quality web applications and library components
Write well-designed, testable code to develop functional and high quality web applications
Upgrade and maintain existing applications
Identify, prioritize and execute tasks in the software development life cycle
Stay up-to-date on the evolution and emergence of relevant technologies, standards and tools


Requirements

Solid working knowledge of Javascript & HTML5/CSS3
Proven experience with React or other JS frameworks and/or relevant technologies
A keen interest in web technologies and an appreciation of the browser
A good understanding of the frontend/backend productivity cycles
University degree (or equivalent) in a relevant subject
At least 2 years' of work experience as a software engineer / developer
To qualify for this role, you’ll have to meet the following criteria:
1+ year of industry experience in software development.
Degree in computer science, digital technology, mathematics, physics, or similar -- or comparable experience.
Thorough knowledge of JavaScript, CSS, HTML.
Good understanding of modern JavaScript libraries and frameworks, such as React, Angular or Vue.
Strong communication and collaboration skills.
Excellent problem-solving and learning ability.
Ability to rapidly acquire new software skills and work with new technologies.
Appreciate great design and thrive in a creative environment.
Military obligations must be fulfilled (if applicable).
Proven literacy in English.


If you also meet any of the following, even better:
Industry software development experience using JavaScript.
Industry software development experience using a popular JavaScript Framework like React, Angular or Vue.
Software development experience using source control systems such as Git.
Familiarity with browser testing and debugging.
Experience with automated testing practices.
Knowledge of SEO principles.
Experience working on small to medium‐sized agile teams.
Experience with commonly used 3rd party libraries and services.
Experience with task planning and estimating effort.